Wiring:
------
  => the process of configuring bean properties and performing dependency injection on bean properties are called "Wiring operation"
      There are two type of wiring operation
           1. explicit wiring
           2. Autowiring

=>if spring Bean Properites are configured explicitly in spirng config fle for dependency injection that is called "explicit wiring".
  the dependency injection configuration that we have done so far comes under explicit wiring
+=> if the container is detecting dependent values to bean properties automatically without any configuration of properties than it is called "Autowiring".

=> There are limitions with Autowiring
    i. Stright/simple values can not be injected to bean properites through autowiring . Only bean references type can be injected throught autowiring .

   ii. There is a possible of getting ambiguitty problem . if mutiple suitable depednent values are found for a bean property in autowiring.


=> Spring allows to perform autowiring in four modes
      1. by type  2. by name  3. constructor  4. Autodetect

=> to enable autowiring on spring bean we need to use autowir attribute of  <bean> tag

byType: this performs setter injection on bean properties . in this mode of autowiring the data type of bean property must match with the dependent or injectable bean object data type . here names need not to match.

byName : This performs setter injection on bean properties . this name of bean property and the bean id of dependent bean class object must match for byName mode of autowiring. 
  
Autodetect: 
             if chooses constructor of byType mode of autowiring by scanning the details of spring bean class . if zero arg constructor is found in spring bean class, byType mode of autowiring takes place.

   if appropriate and only parameterised constructor are avaialble constructors mode of autowiring takes palces

==> if autowiring and explicit wiring is performed same setter injection on single bean property having two different values then the explicit wiring values will be effected.

=> if autowiring and explicit wiring is performing same costructor injection on a single bean property with differnt values then explicit wiring values will be effected. 

=> if autowiring is performing setter injection and explicit wiring performing constructor injection on same bean property with different values then the autowiring values will be effected. 

=> if autowiring is performing constructor injection and explicit wiring is performing setter injection on asingle bean property with different values then the explicit wiring valeus wil be effected. 


   